Elevator pitch

Hello, I'm joseph Bryant and I plan on changing cyber security as we know it. I'm currently going to fl polytechnic university to study and get the basics of cyber security while also doing self-study on ethical hacking so I can see the playing field from both sides. Soon after I get out of college I want to join the fight for cyber security on a government level to apply my skills from college combined with what the government will teach me to change the tide of online security.

Tell me about yourself

I'm a Florida polytechnic student majoring in cyber security. I am currently self-studying in ethical hacking on a daily basis and learning about making software safe so I can understand both parts of the computer world. During my 4 years in high school, I managed to learn 6 programming languages which helps with understanding software security. I became interested in cyber security by joining the cyber patriot team at my high school which is sponsored by the airforce. I was actually the commander for the NJROTC team for cyber security and led my team to the highest division for 3 years in a row. I also gained a ton of leadership skills during my 4 years in ROTC by becoming the Orienteering commander for my unit. Soon after high school, I got the opportunity to direct a large training camp with high schools from all over Florida for volunteer hours. During this camp, I trained over 160 people at a high orienteering level. Something else that is a large interest of mine is applied mathematics which I study on my own time every once in a while. Because of my leadership skills, programming knowledge, and mathematical interests in cyber security, I feel as if I would be great for a position in your company.